[MUSIC]
>> Kent C Dodds: One thing that webpack
does is if you have images and CSS and
stuff in the beginning when we see this
it's gonna all go into our bundle but
we're gonna wanna split that out.
So we get caching and stuff and
fonts won't be able to go into the bundle,
we'll have to split those out.
And so I don't want to litter my
root directory with the bundle and
all that stuff.
So the way that we're gonna tackle
that problem is we're going to add
a path here to indicate the path
that we want this bundle to land in.
And we're going, that needs to be an
absolute path so we're gonna use resolve.
We're gonna get rid of that guy.
And we're gonna resolve to
the dist directory, and
you can call this build, or
you can call whatever you want.
I like using the term dist,
distribution, and
so that will make your bundle get
saved to a directory called dist.
And so then when you, well, because it's
gonna be in a different place, we need
to go to your index.html and update the
script for our bundle to be dist/bundle.
And then you should be able to
run your webpack-dev-server or
well you should be able to run your build
and then MPM start, and the app will load.
But if you run webpack-dev-server right
now it's not going to work for you.
Well if you run the build first and
then webpack-dev-server, it will work.
Or it will look it'll work,
let me show you what I mean.
So we'll go ahead and run the build:dev.
And then we'll run npm run dev
to run our webpack-dev-server.
And will refresh and
everything is working, right.
But if I go to my bootstrap file and
update it to hello worlds.
And I refresh it.
That is not updating,
it still says simply, whoops, hello world.
And the reason for that is webpack says,
anytime you get a request to where
the bundle should be, I'm going to send
you the in memory bundle that I have.
If it's not a request to
the bundle that I have, then I'm
going to forge you onto the file system,
and serve up statically whatever that is.
So it just so happens that when it goes to
get our bundle.js, it's gonna say, okay so
that file I expect it to be at the root.
In fact it says that in our output here.
The result is served from /.
And so if we actually go to bundle.js
here, then we're gonna find our bundle and
this has all the webpack-dev-server
stuff in here.
Somewhere in here it's hello worlds,
yeah, there's our module right there.
Don't worry, you're not shipping all this
to production this is all dev stuff.
And so yeah, it's serving the bundle from
/ but in our index.html we're looking for
it from dist/bundle.js.
So what it's actually serving us is
what we've built with build dev command.
And so
what we need to do then is we're gonna
go to our webpack config and
we need to say the public path
is, /dist/.
Actually some loaders use this to know
where to put image files or font files,
and webpack-dev-server uses this to
know where to serve our bundle from.
So then if we run, let's go ahead and
we'll delete the dist directory so
that we're not fooled by that again,
and then we'll run npm dev and
you should be able to load the app and
go to the bootstrap.
And have that update also.
So Irvin wants me to cover
my favorite Adam packages.
Maybe sometime I'll
show you what I've got.
I like Adam a lot
>> Speaker 2: Could
you go back to your webpack config file?
>> Kent C Dodds: Sure.
>> Kent C Dodds: Has anybody seen webpack
validator help them out at all yet.
A little bit.
>> Kent C Dodds: So
Billy's asking if we're gonna use post
CSS or another preprocessor like SAS.
We're not actually,
which might be surprising cuz that's
probably most of you want
to do something like that.
The reason that we're not is because it's
pretty dead easy, or pretty simple, as
far as all that you have to do, you just
install a loader, you add it to a loaders
array that you're gonna see in a little
bit, and then you're pretty much good.
You don't have to do too much,
you can configure it as well.
But yeah I figured we could
focus on other things.
And caching strategies,
Daniel is asking about caching strategies
to speed up consecutive builds.
So there are some things that you can do
with Babel to cache your
Babel transpilation.
I'm not gonna cover those things,
you can look at the dox for that.
Yeah that I know that
webpack is also like that.
The webpack team is working on
caching things themselves just
automatically for you.
So it'll speed things up even further.
And why is the dist folder not
showing now, cuz I deleted it.
So if I re-run the build, and
then it's gonna add that dist folder and
that's ultimately I'm gonna ship
my dist directory to my CDN, but
during development it doesn't appear
because it's being served up in
memory.
>> Kent C Dodds: Victor's asking if
I can show how I set
up webpack-dev-server.
It's actually just a dev script
with webpack-dev-server.
We're gonna add some arguments a little
bit later, but right now it doesn't need
to be any more than that.
>> Kent C Dodds: Yeah and
the index.html will be
pointing to dist/bundle.js.
>> Speaker 3: I was fighting npm issues,
the goal of this eventually is that
all of those script tags above
bundle.js will be gone.
>> Kent C Dodds: Yep, exactly.
I'm glad that you asked that,
cuz it reminded me of one other
thing that I wanted to touch on.
How many people are hoping to
implement webpack in an existing app?
Okay, are any of those apps just
using script tags right now?
Okay.
Fun stuff right.
That's awesome.
If it's not, you're probably using
grunt or gulp to compile them, right.
So, yeah, so part of the reason that
I'm showing you how to do it this way
is because if you have in your mind some
idea that you can just take your app and
spend two weeks working
on a rewrite to webpack.
You are mistaken, that will fail.
[LAUGH] So what the better approach of,
it will not necessarily fail,
you're all successful people.
But a better approach would be to iterate
on upgrading to using webpack and
so, actually right now, well,
once we add the production stuff,
that's what we're doing next.
But once we add
the production build portion,
then we could actually commit this and
ship it.
And all you have to do is make sure
you run the webpack build before
you ship it off to production.
And so what's cool about that is, you can
spend a day, or even just an afternoon
adding webpack to your process and
then you can iterate from there.
The last thing that you want to have
happen is start working on a two week
refactor to make this work.
And then product comes and says my
goodness, we have this client, they're
gonna buy if we can add this one feature
and you need to stop what you're doing.
Then you come back to your refactor and
three weeks later and
there merge conflicts everywhere and
you have to start over.
So the better approach is to iterate or
refactoring.
And so that's what exactly
what we're we're doing here.
So glad that you asked that.
Okay I think we're gonna move on, any,
yeah another question.
>> Speaker 4: Can you explain one more
time why the reload didn't work
unless you put in the publicPath?
>> Kent C Dodds: Yeah so,
without publicPath then
webpack-dev-server assumes
that you want to serve
the bundle from just slash.
To be perfectly honest with you,
I'm not sure why it doesn't just assume
if I want my output file path to be in
dist that's where my result will be.
I don't understand exactly
the intricacies behind that.
But I do know that some loaders like
the file loader and the URL loader,
also use publicPath to know
where to update URLs for files.
I do know that also puclibPath
can be dynamic, and so
if you shift some of
your assets to a CDN then
you can dynamically set the publicPath so
it knows where to get those assets.
So that's potentially the reason.
But yeah, so the reason that it wasn't
updating was because you would run
the build, and
it would build it to the dist directory.
But then webpack would serve up its
in memory bundle to the / route,
so not /dist/ but just /, and so
what you would be getting is
the stale version of the bundle.
Yeah.
>> Speaker 5: One question on
webpack config.
How do you know whether you needed
absolute path or relative path?
Entry you have relative path is absolute.
>> Kent C Dodds: Yeah that's a great
question.
So, I wish that I could give
you a better answer than this.
But probably the best way, even
validator's not gonna catch our context.
If we do path though it'll
catch us on this one.
Just kidding.
Actually those things actually have
some other special properties.
So as far as whether to know, docs,
honestly yeah, and just experience.
I know these things also because I
have the dev right in front of me, so
that's helpful too.
But yeah you'll want to check the docs.
Then after we finish with
the production stuff,
I'm gonna show you how to debug this
using Chrome Inspector and stuff.
I'm really excited to show you that.
And so yeah hopefully that
can also be helpful as well.